	A drizzly morning in Juneau, looking across the small downtown cityscape and Gastineau channel over to Douglas island. We're here under the pretense of a dentist appointment, but will likely not even end up having our teeth cleaned. It's really a glorified shopping trip with a long ferry ride on either end - and a happily convenient excuse to visit my cousin and her husband who happen to be remote working in Juneau for a week. 
	
	Perhaps, more than anything it's a way for us to take a small bite of what it might feel like to re-enter society in the post pandemic world, to harden ourselves off against the new oddities and nuances of life in the present state of America. The charged energy of a blonde teenage girl wearing a Trump 2020 hoodie "Is she glaring at me?", the minutiae and social protocol of when to wear a mask in a restaurant "You're alright to take those off at your table, guys" the waiter tells us, remembering how to use a self checkout machine "Help is on the way.", and doing our damndest to not wave at literally every single car we pass on the road. "We're not in Gustavus!" we keep telling ourselves.
	
	There's something remarkable about how your sentiments in any given moment pivots around your most recent experience. In our post-European trip mindset Juneau would have felt small and quaint, a tiny speck of a city in a vast wilderness (It is, really) but now coming from Gustavus and our long rainy winter in a 400sq ft. cabin on the edge of the woods it somehow manages to present itself as a bustling metropolis, an oasis of civilization in rugged and unwelcoming landscape, and a hotbed of misanthropic social division at what is hopefully the tail end of a long, cold, dark pandemic year.
	
	It's a whirlwind to be here, a rush of novelty from things we've experienced seemingly countless times before, and yet in a flash it will be over and before we know it we'll be back to planting potatoes in the garden, paddling our double kayak through the Beardslee cut, and wondering whether it will ever stop raining so we can have a bonfire and catch a glimpse of the Fairweathers.
